Add scrive for #180 and workflow to check for changes in changelog.d (#188)
bids-standard/bids-validator: changelog.d/20250324_121157_rosswilsonblair_scriv_for_180.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

### Added

> - Create contexts for directories and validate their names according to schema.rules.directories entries.

Reviewer: IMO we should focus on user-facing features, while "contexts" are a little weedsy.

```suggestion
- Validate directory names names according to `schema.rules.directories` entries.
  Use rules to identify "opaque" directories whose contents are unspecified by BIDS.
```
